doc: Add instructions to access cluster with IBM Cloud vpc-gen2. (#2530)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/ibm/deploy/install-kubeflow-on-iks.md

  ```shell
  ibmcloud login
  ```

>   Or if you have federated credentials,

Reviewer: ```suggestion

  Or, if you have federated credentials, run the following command:
```

  Replace `<cluster_name>` with your cluster name.

> ### IBM Cloud Group ID Storage Setup for *classic* IBM CLoud Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### IBM Cloud Group ID Storage Setup for a *classic* IBM Cloud Kubernetes cluster
```

  Replace `<cluster_name>` with your cluster name.

> ### Storage Setup for `classic` IBM Cloud Kubernetes cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Storage setup for `classic` IBM Cloud Kubernetes cluster
```

    ```shell
    kubectl patch storageclass ${OLD_STORAGE_CLASS} -p '{"metadata": {"annotations":{"storageclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class":"false"}}}'
    ```
### For VPC-Gen2 clusters

> Currently, there is no option available for setting up RWX (read-write multiple nodes) type of storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, there is no option available for setting up RWX (read-write multiple nodes) types of storage.
```

("RWX types" of a "RWX... type", I think)

> RWX (read-write multiple nodes) is not a mandatory requirement to run kubeflow and most pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RWX is not a mandatory requirement to run Kubeflow and most pipelines.
```

(RWX has been defined earlier, so this may not be necessary)

It is required by certain sample jobs/pipelines where multiple pods write results to a common storage.

> A job or pipeline can also write to a common object storage like `minio`, so the absence of this feature is 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A job or a pipeline can also write to a common object storage like `minio`, so the absence of this feature is 
```

> not a blocker for working with kubeflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not a blocker for working with Kubeflow.
```

If you are on VPC-gen2 and still need RWX, you may try [portworx enterprise product](https://portworx.com/products/features/).

> Documentation link for setting it up for IBM Cloud, [portworx install with IBM Cloud](https://docs.portworx.com/portworx-install-with-kubernetes/cloud/ibm/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set it up on IBM Cloud use the [portworx install with IBM Cloud](https://docs.portworx.com/portworx-install-with-kubernetes/cloud/ibm/) guide. 
```

    ```shell
    kubectl patch storageclass ${OLD_STORAGE_CLASS} -p '{"metadata": {"annotations":{"storageclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class":"false"}}}'
    ```
### Storage setup for `vpc-gen2` IBM Cloud Kubernetes cluster

> Currently, there is no option available for setting up RWX (read-write multiple nodes) type of storages.

Reviewer: `vpc-gen2` (single back ticks)

> Currently, there is no option available for setting up RWX (read-write multiple nodes) type of storages.

Author: This is done.

    ```shell
    kubectl patch storageclass ${OLD_STORAGE_CLASS} -p '{"metadata": {"annotations":{"storageclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class":"false"}}}'
    ```

> ### Storage setup for `vpc-gen2` IBM Cloud Kubernetes cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Storage setup for `vpc-gen2` IBM Cloud Kubernetes cluster
```

> **Note:To deploy Kubeflow, you don't need to change the storage setup for `vpc-gen2` Kubernetes cluster.** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: To deploy Kubeflow, you don't need to change the storage setup for `vpc-gen2` Kubernetes cluster.
```

The Kubeflow endpoint is exposed with [NodePort](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#nodeport) 31380. If you don't have any experience on Kubernetes, you can [expose the Kubeflow endpoint as a LoadBalancer](#expose-the-kubeflow-endpoint-as-loadbalancer) and access the **EXTERNAL_IP**.

> ### Extra network setup requirement for VPC-Gen2 Clusters only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Extra network setup requirement for VPC-gen2 clusters only
```

"VPC-gen2" or "VPC-Gen2" -- please use one format

**NOTE** These steps are not required for Classic clusters, i.e. where `WORKER_NODE_PROVIDER` is set to `classic`.

> A VPC gen2 cluster does not assign a public ip address to the kubernetes master node by default.

Reviewer: Please capitalize where appropriate

```suggestion
A VPC gen2 cluster does not assign a public IP address to the Kubernetes master node by default.
```

> It provides access via a Load balancer, which is configured to allow only a set of ports over public internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It provides access via a Load Balancer, which is configured to allow only a set of ports over public internet.
```

> So to access the cluster's resources in VPC gen2 cluster, following steps are required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the cluster's resources in a VPC-gen2 cluster, the following steps are required.
```

("VPC-gen2" or "VPC gen2" -- please be consistent)

> * Option 1: Configure via Load balancer. Follow: [expose the Kubeflow endpoint as a LoadBalancer](#expose-the-kubeflow-endpoint-as-loadbalancer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Option 1: Configure via Load Balancer—go to [Expose the Kubeflow endpoint as a LoadBalancer](#expose-the-kubeflow-endpoint-as-loadbalancer)
```

> * Option 2: If you need access to nodes or NodePort in the VPC, this can be achieved by starting another instance in the 
> same VPC and assigning it a public ip(i.e. floating ip). Now either by ssh login to the instance or by creating a ssh socks proxy.
> 
> for example:
> `ssh -D9999 root@new-instance-public-ip `
> 
> And then configure socks proxy at `localhost:9999` and access cluster services.

Reviewer: Please capitalize letter where appropriate

Suggestion

```suggestion
* Option 2: If you need access to nodes or NodePort in the VPC, this can be achieved by starting another instance in the 
same VPC and assigning it a public IP (i.e. the floating IP). Next, use SSH to log into the instance or create an SSH socks proxy, such as `ssh -D9999 root@new-instance-public-ip`.

Then, configure the socks proxy at `localhost:9999` and access cluster services.
```

kubectl get pod authservice-0 -n istio-system
```

### Extra network setup requirement for `vpc-gen2` clusters only

> **NOTE** These steps are not required for Classic clusters, i.e. where `WORKER_NODE_PROVIDER` is set to `classic`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: These steps are not required for Classic clusters, i.e. where `WORKER_NODE_PROVIDER` is set to `classic`.
```

A `vpc-gen2` cluster does not assign a public IP address to the Kubernetes master node by default.
It provides access via a Load Balancer, which is configured to allow only a set of ports over public internet.
Access the cluster's resources in a `vpc-gen2` cluster, using one of the following options,

* Load Balancer method: Configure via Load Balancer—go to [Expose the Kubeflow endpoint as a LoadBalancer](#expose-the-kubeflow-endpoint-as-loadbalancer).
    This method is recommended when [Multi-user, auth-enabled](#multi-user-auth-enabled) is setup, otherwise it will expose
  cluster resources to the public.

* Socks proxy method: If you need access to nodes or NodePort in the `vpc-gen2` cluster, this can be achieved by starting another instance in the 
same `vpc-gen2` cluster and assigning it a public IP (i.e. the floating IP). Next, use SSH to log into the instance or create an SSH socks proxy,
  such as `ssh -D9999 root@new-instance-public-ip`.

Then, configure the socks proxy at `localhost:9999` and access cluster services.

> * `kubectl port-forward` method: To access Kubeflow dashboard. Run `kubectl -n istio-system port-forward service/istio-ingressgateway 7080:http2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `kubectl port-forward` method: To access Kubeflow dashboard, run `kubectl -n istio-system port-forward service/istio-ingressgateway 7080:http2`.
```

>     Then in a browser, visit the url [http://127.0.0.1:7080/](http://127.0.0.1:7080/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Then in a browser, visit the following URL [http://127.0.0.1:7080/](http://127.0.0.1:7080/)
```

> _Important Notice: Exposing cluster/compute resources publicly - without setting up a proper user authentication mechanism,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_**Important notice**: Exposing cluster/compute resources publicly without setting up a proper user authentication mechanism
```

is very insecure and can have very serious consequences(even legal). If there is no need to expose cluster services publicly,
Socks proxy method or `kubectl port-forward` method are recommended._

## Next steps: secure the Kubeflow dashboard with HTTPS

> ### Prerequisite:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Prerequisites

```

kubectl get pod authservice-0 -n istio-system
```

### Extra network setup requirement for `vpc-gen2` clusters only

> **Note**: These steps are not required for Classic clusters, i.e. where `WORKER_NODE_PROVIDER` is set to `classic`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: These steps are not required for `classic` clusters, i.e. where `WORKER_NODE_PROVIDER` is set to `classic`.
```

Since the beginning, I think you refer to it as `classic`, so to avoid confusing the users, maybe we should stick to `classic` instead of "Classic".

A `vpc-gen2` cluster does not assign a public IP address to the Kubernetes master node by default.
It provides access via a Load Balancer, which is configured to allow only a set of ports over public internet.
Access the cluster's resources in a `vpc-gen2` cluster, using one of the following options,

> * Load Balancer method: Configure via Load Balancer—go to [Expose the Kubeflow endpoint as a LoadBalancer](#expose-the-kubeflow-endpoint-as-loadbalancer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Load Balancer method: To configure via Load Balancer, go to [Expose the Kubeflow endpoint as a LoadBalancer](#expose-the-kubeflow-endpoint-as-loadbalancer).
```

>     This method is recommended when [Multi-user, auth-enabled](#multi-user-auth-enabled) is setup, otherwise it will expose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This method is recommended when you have Kubeflow deployed with [Multi-user, auth-enabled](#multi-user-auth-enabled) support — otherwise it will expose
```

  cluster resources to the public.

* Socks proxy method: If you need access to nodes or NodePort in the `vpc-gen2` cluster, this can be achieved by starting another instance in the 
same `vpc-gen2` cluster and assigning it a public IP (i.e. the floating IP). Next, use SSH to log into the instance or create an SSH socks proxy,
  such as `ssh -D9999 root@new-instance-public-ip`.

Then, configure the socks proxy at `localhost:9999` and access cluster services.

* `kubectl port-forward` method: To access Kubeflow dashboard, run `kubectl -n istio-system port-forward service/istio-ingressgateway 7080:http2`.
    Then in a browser, go to[http://127.0.0.1:7080/](http://127.0.0.1:7080/)

_**Important notice**: Exposing cluster/compute resources publicly without setting up a proper user authentication mechanism
is very insecure and can have very serious consequences(even legal). If there is no need to expose cluster services publicly,
Socks proxy method or `kubectl port-forward` method are recommended._

## Next steps: secure the Kubeflow dashboard with HTTPS

### Prerequisites

> For both `classic` and `vpc-gen2` cluster providers, [Multi-user, auth-enabled](#multi-user-auth-enabled) should be setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For both `classic` and `vpc-gen2` cluster providers, make sure you have [Multi-user, auth-enabled](#multi-user-auth-enabled) Kubeflow set up.
```

 kubectl patch secret appid-application-configuration -n istio-system \
 -p $(printf '{"data":{"oidcRedirectUrl": "%s"}}' $redirect_url)
```

3. Restart the pod `authservice-0`:

> ```SHELL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```
